# User Experience
> NOTE: As stated alongside our [Dapp Statement]('0.DownQuark.md'):
> - The primary focus of the application being created is to create content that users will truly enjoy interacting with.
> - The secondary objective is to allow users to _interact_ with, and _learn_ about, cryptocurrencies and the blockchain using non-technical methods, leading to non-intimidated Users.

## UI
- _User_ interaction should be _**ultra casual**_. Something done in brief periods of downtime at their convenience.
- If involved in a _challenge_ or some other exchange there may be some type of restraint
  - But no challenge is mandatory for any application that will be created. The _User_ will have aggreed to the timing of events before hand, and of their own accord
  -
The main parts of the application that _Users_ will be interacting with.

### Interaction Sections
#### Hub
 1. User lands here on successful login.
 2. Available Hub options:
    1. Update Profile
    2. (Purchase || Exchange) Crypto
    3. Apply Dapp Token
      - `InqWell` in the previous case
    4. Browse Leaderboards / Check Stats / etc

#### Bazaar
  1. Runs in Browser
     - navigates to URL and closes Extension
       - Maybe create a setting to allow to keep open?
  2. Consists of all Markets [Library/Dapp2/etc]
      - `â—Š` Able to purchase NFTs relating to current Market
      - `â—Š` Able to exchange DappToken (`InqWell`, etc)
  3. Consists of the _**Square**_
      - Able to post to bulletin board (chat)
      - `â—Š` Able to receive Daily / Bonus / etc NFTs
        - In addition to the general handout each Market will have their own daily schedule and bonus distribution
          - Use the above mechanic â˜ï¸ as incentive for users to navigate through the Markets and in so doing see more items up for sale
      - Able to initiate direct trade/sale of NFT to another user
      - Able to Auction any NFT that was created by a user within a dapp
        - e.g.: From FatRedBird: _**Choose Your Own Path**_, _**Created Prompt**_
        - e.g.: From Dapp2: _**Wet Boot**_, _**Earthworm**_

#### Market
> Scaled down version of Baaar usable within the _**Extension**_
> Will handle the _**Bazaar**_ defined actions marked with a `â—Š`
> > Content will be filtered wo be related tothe current Market
> > - e.g. in `Library` Market - you would be unable to purchase NFTs from Dapp2's Market

#### Dapp
1. `FatRedBird` will be the sole dapp available during the initial launch
   - You can see the full details of the dapp [here](../README.md)
1. Many more dapps will soon be following
   - more than 1 are currently being developed alongside each other
   - when complete the new dapp will automatically be displayed alongside `FatRedBird`
     - Make the auto showing a toggle-able option?

### Navigation
NOTE: Navigating within the extension
- From the Hub you can navigate directly to the Bazaar and dapp.
  - ðŸ’¡ remember: the bazaar will open up in the browser
- From Bazaar you must manually re-open the extension
- From any of the _Markets_[Library/etc] you can navigate directly to the Hub and the current dapp's Market
